Update instructions for Intel compilers and compilation on conda (#184)
Cantera/cantera-website: pages/compiling/dependencies.rst

* Intel compilers (C/C++/Fortran)

>   * Known to work with version 14.0 and Intel OneAPI Toolkits.
>   * The 2017 version of the Intel compiler is **NOT RECOMMENDED** because of a
>     bug in the C compiler.

Reviewer: Given the lack of testing of anything other than the OneAPI versions, I would suggest simplifying this to just:
```suggestion
  * Known to work with the Intel OneAPI Compilers (version 2022.0.2).
  * Some earlier versions of the Intel compiler (including the 2017 version) are **NOT RECOMMENDED** because of a bug in the C compiler.
```

* Microsoft compilers (C/C++)

>   * Known to work with Visual Studio 2013 (MSVC 12.0), Visual Studio 2015

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure we gave up support for VS 2013 when we started using inheriting constructors (https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/compiler_support/11)
